Add KubeVirt clusters support for 0.19.0 release notes (#1200)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/community/releases/_index.en.md

* Each Route Agent now monitors the connectivity to each remote cluster's gateway using ICMP and the health of each connection is
  reported by `subctl diagnose`.
* New options were added to `subctl cloud prepare` to support a custom vpc for AWS.

> * Submariner can now be deployed on K8S KubeVirt clusters (K8S nodes == KubeVirt VMs).

Reviewer: I'm not sure it's clear what `(K8S nodes == KubeVirt VMs)` means.

```suggestion
* Submariner can now be deployed on Kubernetes KubeVirt clusters.
```
